Welcome to Movie Shortens. Follow
us today to a movie titled:
ATM. Be aware, there are spoilers!
The movie begins with a mysterious man sitting in
his house. He is focused on drawing and measuring
diagrams onto a printed map. He then puts on
a coat and leaves the house in a hurry.
At a busy financial company, David is in an
uneasy conversation with his client on the phone.
As he hangs up, his co-worker, Corey comes
over and cheers him up. Corey suggests David
asking out Emily, a coworker, for a date after the
company Christmas party As David has had a crush
on the girl for quite some time. Hesitating,
David thinks it’s not a good idea especially
since the girl plans to leave the company at the
year’s end. Corey, argues it is now or never.
At night, David and Corey have a lot of fun at
the party. David tries to catch up with Emily,
but both of them appear to be
embarrassed and nervous. Eventually,
David asks Emily if she’d like a ride home.
Just then, Corey, who is completely drunk,
asks David for a lift to his house, only 10
minutes away. Reluctantly, David has to help, he
made a promise to Corey earlier to drive him home.
During the ride, the three talk and laugh as Corey
appears to be very funny. Since Corey’s phone was
lost at the party, he asks David to borrow his
However, the phone soon runs out of battery.
It is almost 2 a.m and freezing outside.
Corey insists on having pizza and begs David to
stop at a nearby ATM for cash so he can buy his
food. David offers to pay by card but Corey says
that the restaurant doesn’t accept cards. Again,
David patiently accepts his friend’s demand.
At the ATM, the couple wait inside the car as
Corey withdraws money. Just then, Corey signals
David as he is having a card problem. Being cold
and alone in the car, Emily decides to join the
men in the kiosk. She carefully locks the car but
it doesn’t work. When she enters the ATM, David
lets her know that the lock has been broken, but
they won’t take long, so she shouldn’t worry.
He then takes some cash from the ATM as Corey is
denied for unknown reasons. As the trio
turn their back and prepare to leave,
they notice a figure. He’s wearing a coat
and has appeared from nowhere. Emily thinks
its very strange as she doesn’t see his car
around. David thinks it could be a robber.
Thinking the man only needs to use the ATM, Corey
tells the two to stop imagining and let the man
use the machine. Corey shouts out asking if the
man wants to get inside, but gets no response.
He stands there in the dark and looks at the three
of them. Suddenly, a dog walker appears behind the
man. The man rushes to the dog walker and grabs
his head with his large hand. In a second, the
poor man is smashed in the head, killing him.
Terrified, the three try to call 911. However,
they learn that David’s phone is charging in the
car, Corey’s is lost and Emilys’ is in her purse,
also in the car. They have no choice but to
look for emergency buttons inside the kiosk,
but they find none.
Meanwhile, the man just stands there,
watching them after just coldly killing a person.
The friends are very worried and try thinking of
a way to get rid of the man. David asks Emily to
give him his car key. Corey tries to stop him from
going out. David thinks he can manage to run to
the car to take his phone and call the police.
Strange enough, the man approaches
David's car, taking out a tool box,
they stand there dumbfounded. The man goes
to the back of the kiosk instead of entering.
It turns out he’s used the tool kit, breaking the
ATM’s heater. They become more scared as the man
isn’t attacking as he did to the dog walker.
David hits the enclosing glass, hoping to set off
the ATM’s alarm, but it doesn’t work. Emily stops
him and says that they should wait inside the
booth as the man hasn’t yet attempted to enter.
David argues that they would die from freezing
before being confronted by the man.
David and Corey then kick the ATM,
trying to set off the alarm. Again, nothing
happens. Corey spots a police car, the three
yell out to get its attention. However, the
car only passes by to their disappointment.
Seeing that the man is not around, David suggests
giving the man their money and jewels. He slowly
steps outside with Emily’s earrings, Corey’s watch
and his $500. He offers the man the property and
pleads with him to let them go. The man stands
at one side of the kiosk and doesn’t say a word.
Thinking the man has accepted the deal, David
tosses the envelope so the man can take a look.
As he picks up the cash, David ceases
the chance, running to his car.
The man quickly pursues him. As David
attempts to start the car, he finds
the wires have been destroyed. Running out of
time, he picks up Emily’s phone and dials 911.
The man strikes the window, dragging David from
the car. As he is about to kill David, Corey and
Emily scream from the kiosk. This distracts the
man long enough for David to get up and run back.
The man doesn’t give chase, and instead collects
the envelope along with Emily’s phone, throwing
them back into the car. Scared and cold, Emily
uses her lipstick to write “HELP” on the door.
As time goes by the three begin to freeze, and
a security guard, who sees the message from the
window, drives over to investigate. He notices
a body and steps out to see what has happened.
The trio try to warn him about the man, however he
cannot hear them due to the strong howling winds.
He is then beaten to death by the man
with a tire iron. The friends are shocked
and speechless seeing the bloody scene.
Suddenly, the man enters the booth. David and
Corey fight him back, the only choice they have.
They kill the man, strangling him with a wire.
Thinking that they have got rid of him, the three
begin seeing yet another man outside the booth.
It turns out the man they killed
was just a normal guy named Harley,
who was wearing a similar coat.
The friends start to blame each other for
their stupid actions. Corey and David fight while
Emily tries to stop them. Tired and hopeless,
Corey storms out to escape alone disregarding his
friends suggestions otherwise. He's tripped up by
a wire the man has set up. The man stabs
Corey with a screwdriver. He then returns
to the back door of the ATM continuing
his mysterious work with a fire hose.
Seeing that Corey is still alive, Emily and
David run out to bring him back in before
the man can catch them. The two manage to stop
Corey’s bleeding and keep him warm. Just then,
the man pushes David’s car in front of the ATM
and leaves. The ATM kiosk begins to fill with cold
water through the heating vents. The two struggle
to lift Corey up above the water, but they can’t.
David finds a lighter in one of Harley’s
pockets, and starts a fire using the flyers
in the booth as fuel. However, Corey has died
due to his wound and the hypothermic water.
Meanwhile, the man sits on a folding chair
watching his victims from afar. Emily climbs
on David's shoulders, managing to get the flame
close enough to the fire alarm triggering a loud
distress signal. They have finally made it,
but David slips and causes Emily to fall,
she smashes her head on a shelf and dies.
While grieving for Emily, David sees the security
guard’s car ram into his car, which crashes
through the wall. Pissed at the evil man,
David uses Corey’s bottle of wine and turns
it into a torch. He throws it to the man who
sitting on the chair. However, it is revealed to
be the security man’s body wearing the same coat,
driving David more crazy. The real man is still
alive and watches David from a distance.
There are police cars rushing to
the ATM, the man quickly vanishes.
David is arrested as the cops find five casualties
in the area. They review the ATM video recording,
but there's no audio. It looks like David, Corey,
and Emily were robbing the ATM and murdering
witnesses. David shows to have murdered his two
friends on the soundless tape. No images nor
signs of the man appear during the playback.
At the end of the movie, we learn that the man is
a serial killer with very detailed and intelligent
plans. He carries out similar ATM attacks and
blames it on the last survivor. David, Emily,
and Corey are his latest innocent victims. Only
his coat is ever found at the crime scenes.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel. Thanks for
watching!